What do you do next?
He took my place.
I'll always show him what he's looking for.
And he helps me take care of your life and wine.
I always want to thank him for taking care of you.
Yes, above. This nonsense was not meant for you in the first place.
No. Got it.
I don't like stealing things in particular.
I’m tired of riding. What’s wrong with your hands?
That one will cook for you.
Are you hurt as him?
When I meet an internationally famous person, I know one thing.
If you need it, I can connect it to you.
No need, I'm on your side just in case.
But he was happy.
You're in love. You just returned home, so it's better to rest.
I asked the chicken body to send you back to meet my sister.
Come to see me
How are you feeling better?
You did your best sister
I've heard everything
It's my mother who is too excited
I love her and you do your best
You don't need to apologize
Her affairs have nothing to do with you
I know that my sister is the best sister
I saw the guy with you yesterday
It's the vice president's
Are you no longer planning to leave?
Just a taste
I wish I still had social skills
I'm leaving first
Keep it as good as the vice president
How could I still accompany you?
I don’t think it’s natural to live here.